[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'd like to bring on the
stage one the most delightfully
wonderful anti-demagogues you
will ever meet from the realms
of the land of Valhalla.
Everybody, Sonja Grace.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Be blessed and
knock them out.
>> OK.
Thank you.
[CLAPS]
Yay.
Hi.
My name's Sonja Grace.
I'm a mystic and a healer, and
I'm presenting a workshop today
that is about demigods,
aliens, and humans,
and what the cosmic connection
is between the three groups.
I'm going to be taking you
into grounding and meditation.
I'm also going to have an
exercise in that meditation
that we're going to do
to help you sort of get
a little bit deeper with things
that will be revealed that you
need to know.
And then, I'm also going to
work with you with protection.
And what I mean
by that is, humans
came to Earth, in my research,
about 20 million years ago.
And we are an alien species.
When we came here, we came
from way out in the universe,
and we were a very
young species.
And so, the development
of us, of our species,
has been through phases.
And in these phases, demigods
have come down to Earth
and created different
civilizations.
For example, when
Atlantis in Lemuria fell,
big comets hit the
Earth about 12,800 BC,
and the Earth just
totally changed.
Huge land masses broke off,
volcanoes, earthquakes,
flooding, it happened.
And at that time,
we had an ice age.
And around 10,000 BC, the
ice started to recede.
Portals opened up, huge
portals all over the world.
It's like a signal.
Remember in Batman, how the
bat sign shows on the sky?
It's like the Earth
signaling to the heavens, OK,
it's time for a new
phase of humanity.
And that's what happened.
All the demigods come down.
The Norse gods, the Mayan
gods, the Tibetan gods,
the Hopi gods, the Egyptian
gods, they all come through,
and they all influence that
group of people in that area
and part of the world.
So what's important
here, is this
has been going on
for 20 million years.
This is not just this phase
of humanity that we're in.
We're in it.
We're coming to the end of it,
which is why a lot of people
want to find their
spiritual truth.
They want to find why am I here?
What is my purpose?
What are we doing?
And a lot of that has
to do with the fact
that, well, actually all
of you, came through--
maybe with the
exception of you--
all of you came through
during Atlantis or Lemuria.
And all of you made
that agreement, OK, I'm
going to do this human thing.
I'm going to reincarnate over,
and over, and over again,
and help evolve the human race.
So that's really what
we've been here doing.
The problem is, is that we all
have a whopping case of amnesia
when we reincarnate.
So we come in not
remembering where we've been.
And that's a little
difficult, because we
get feelings about it.
We look at a picture in
a magazine, and it's--
say a picture of Egypt, and
we go, oh, I have to go there.
We're like obsessed with
everything about Egypt.
Why?
Because you have
past lives there.
I mean, those are the
things that really dials us
in to what is happening
karmically for us,
is at least we have
these recognitions.
We know how we're connected
to things because we see it,
or someone connects or
share something with us.
A lot of times humans get
mistaken that we are here
because of each
other, that we're here
because our connection, our
soul mate is why we came here.
It has partly a little
bit to do with that.
But most of all, the
reason we're here, is her.
Is the Earth.
We all have a relationship
with this planet,
and she is a magnificent being.
She is just incredibly
powerful, benevolent.
And just because
her body is round,
doesn't make her
anything different.
She is a being, and she
is, in my words, a goddess.
And I feel that that's
our lesson or purpose
in being here, is
to connect, to have
a relationship with the planet.
In this process of humans, and
what we're doing, and cross
pollination, yes, the gods--
I don't know if you
know Norse mythology,
but the gods would come
down and take human form,
and they would walk
among the people.
And they would sleep with
the women or the men,
and they would have
relations with them.
And this is true of
all demigods They
have a really strong
relationship with the people.
The Pleiadians I
consider demigods.
They helped develop the
area, Salisbury Plain,
where Stonehenge is.
They helped build
and develop Tiwanaku.
The Pleiadians have a
huge, huge influence
on Earth and on humans, and
they consider us their children.
So as you think
about all of that,
and you actually may
have some demigod DNA
running through your system,
which I'm sure you do.
It is also to be noted that the
demigods are benevolent beings.
When I see them, and I do see
all levels of the spirit plane,
I see angels, and demigods,
and guides, I also
see entities, and
demons, and aliens.
I remove implants from
people all the time.
I see all levels of
the unseen world.
And when this
happens, and we are
in the process of trying to
figure out, well, what is it?
Well, first of all,
demigods are huge.
They're like 16 feet high.
They're huge.
And they are quite benevolent.
And they are right
up there with angels,
and they're right up there next
to God, creator, the goddess,
however that word
gets used for you.
So they're very
benevolent beings.
And last year I created
Odin and the nine realms.
This is an Oracle deck.
And the reason I
created it was--
it was so odd, we
went to Norway,
and I went to visit a stone
circle called Stoplesteinan.
And I was really excited to go
there, because before we went,
couple of years back, a
spirit traveled or time
traveled to Stoplesteinan.
And it was then
that I experienced
this was in fact,
the very portal
that the Norse gods used to
come through and then develop
Scandinavia.
So I told my husband,
we have to go there.
I have to see it.
So we went to Stoplesteinan.
And I went through to the--
went into the stone circle,
and I activated the portal.
And there they came.
All-- it was like, whoa--
all the Norse gods started
coming through this portal.
And they told me that
they were so happy
that this happened, because it
was time for them to come back.
That they were coming
back to help humanity.
And what I find
really interesting
is not only did I
create this for them
to help them to come
back, but there there's
all kinds of shows.
I mean there was the "Vikings".
We're watching this show
right now called "Ragnarok",
that's all in Norwegian
with English dubbing.
There's all this
stuff coming out,
and I know it's because
they're coming back.
And people are picking up on
that, and they are saying,
OK, they're coming back.
The Pleiadians came to me a
couple of weeks ago and said,
we're coming back.
It's time for a new
phase of humanity.
And their message was
really interesting.
They said, yes, we consider
all of you our children,
and we're proud of
you on many levels,
but there are things that humans
have created that could really,
really harm the Earth.
And our first and foremost
concern is the Earth.
And they said, as long as
humans help themselves and do
the work, actively get involved
and do the work, we are there,
and we're there to help.
But if humans are
not doing the work,
and they're being really
complacent, and like-- uh--
brain dead, it's like they
told me, a lot of people
are going to leave
the planet this year.
A lot.
And I'm not trying to be
doom and gloom or fatalistic,
but I do feel this year, of
all years, is about the Earth.
She's going to change.
She's making the
same change you are.
She is getting consciousness,
even more than what she has.
Hard to imagine, but she is.
And so, she's going to move
and shake, and blow her top,
and do a whole lot of stuff.
And we just have
to be ready for it,
because we're visitors here.
We're not trees growing
out of her soil.
We're really extraterrestrials
in some nature.
Inside of us, our soul
body, is infinite.
We have an infinite soul body.
So that means you always have
been and you will always be.
And the attachment that you
feel, being in a physical form,
is just that.
It's an attachment.
But your natural state of
being is in spirit form.
So, yes, I don't
want to hurt my body,
or fall down, or whatever.
But in the long run, there
is just a transition.
We call it death, but
it's just a transition.
So this human
experience that we're
having, we have experiences
of running into aliens,
or having a sighting
of a UFO, or maybe we
think we saw
something, or there's
lots of people
out there who have
really major like abduction
or contact type experiences.
And some people,
they've seen a ship.
That's it.
Some people haven't
seen anything at all.
And it's all good.
But the point is, is that the
aliens and the alien life forms
are to me, in my research,
very similar to humans.
They have an agenda.
They come here for water.
They come here for
natural resources.
They come here to
harvest whatever from us,
because they need
to create hybrids,
because they lost their planet,
and they have nowhere else
to go.
But there are people
that are coming here,
people meaning aliens.
They have human form.
Some of them are in spirit form.
Some of them have no form,
and then they can take shape,
and they have form.
A lot of aliens like to step
into human bodies, which
is another thing I want to talk
about in terms of protection,
because we, as people,
have free will.
What's the free
will card get you?
It gets you out of jail.
[CHUCKLES]
The free will card is about
being able to say, no.
This is my body.
You have no right to it.
See you.
OK?
And that's with the men
scene type of aliens,
like Greys, and
reptilians, and the ones
that like to be kind
of nasty little spuds.
There are some good
aliens out there,
but I have found, the
ones that I've run into
or had contact with that are
good, they don't mess with us.
It's kind of like one
of those "Star Trek"
episodes where they kind of come
in and observe what's going on,
and then they leave.
Those are the good ones.
They're not coming here and
trying to take things from us
or control us in some way.
But when the Pleiadians
were talking to me,
they told me that they
wanted to show me something,
and they took me on what I
call a spirit travel, where
I actually time travel, or
go out into the universe,
and we toured just the galaxy.
And I say that so casually,
but it was kind of like, whoa,
we're out here.
Like we were out there.
And they showed me
planet, after planet,
after planet of alien life form
that was being held as slaves.
They were enslaved.
They were being tortured.
They had horrible conditions.
And I looked at this and
when we came back, they said,
we showed you all of this so
that you would go back and tell
humanity how lucky they are
and how good they have it.
And I was like, wow, I was
not expecting that at all.
I really wasn't.
I mean they're highly
intelligent beings.
But the fact that they're
still enslaving and causing
aliens to be harmed in
some way, I mean, it was it
was definitely an eye opener.
So aliens come in all
different sizes and shapes,
and they have a really
interesting agenda.
Some of them want to, as we
said, put implants in you.
What are implants?
Implants are like these
little tiny metal--
I remove energetic implants, and
they're like highly, highly--
what's the word-- where the
technology is so advanced
I can actually reach
in and take it out.
They're super, super advanced.
And the ones that I
remove are usually
in the brain, or the ears, the
eyes, the nose, the throat,
the heart, fingers.
And people ask me all the
time, what are implants for?
What are they doing?
They're keeping track,
not only of where you are,
but they're keeping
track usually
of multi-generations,
the mom, the daughter,
and the granddaughter.
And a lot of times this
is all about the aliens
wanting to learn more, gather
data, gather tissue samples,
put in implants so that
there is no pregnancy,
or cause pregnancy so
they can take the baby.
I've seen all of
that happen, and I've
seen many, many clients who have
gone through really hard stuff.
I had a client the other
day call me and say, I have
a scar on my leg, like a cut.
And she said, to
this day, I have
no idea where it came from,
who did surgery on me, or why.
So I took her into a session
and we did a whole process
around it, and it
all came back to her.
And it was really powerful.
It was so powerful to
have that knowledge
and to understand what
happened to her and why.
OK, so the difference between
demigods, aliens, and humans.
Demigods are benevolent beings.
Aliens have different agendas.
There's still an agenda there.
Angels don't have agendas.
They just come to help.
No agenda, angels.
Demigods, they want
to help humanity.
Aliens, it varies.
Good ones, sort of good
ones, really bad ones,
there's a gamut.
People, can I say
the same thing?
Good ones, bad ones,
there is an agenda.
Yeah, I can.
But you know what I'm
going to say about people?
No matter who people are, no
matter where they're from,
no matter how rotten they are,
or how wonderful they are,
everybody has emotional wounds.
Everybody has karma.
Karma is unresolved
emotional wounds
from past lives
and this lifetime.
So everybody has karma.
And I'm telling
you from the moment
you're born until the moment
you die, you are doing nothing
but working through your karma.
That's it.
Everything is karmic.
So we have this huge
plate in front of us
that is set out with--
OK, so I have abandonment.
I have betrayal.
I have resentment, anger.
I have all these
emotional things
that I've brought with
me from past lives.
And that's the stuff that I
get to deal with in this life.
Does it mean, it runs my
life, or rules my life?
No.
What it means is that I'm
going to create situations
where I feel
abandoned, or betrayed,
or I'm angry, or resentful,
et cetera, et cetera.
And, you guys,
we're really clever.
I mean, as humans, we're
like super, super clever,
because we'll incarnate
as a man in one life
somewhere on the other
side of the planet,
and then, the next
life, we'll incarnate
as a woman in a completely
different country
with a completely
different family.
But we have the
same issues going
on, different time
period, different body,
different gender,
different culture.
So when you get that
part figured out--
I do pass life readings.
I take people back where they
came from, what happened,
and what needs to be cleared.
And then, we go in and
we clear it karmically.
The reason that
this is important,
is because this
is why we're here.
We're like trying to
work out this karma.
Because you remember back
in Atlantis when it fell,
we all signed that
little paper that said,
yes, I will do the
next phase of humanity,
and I will help
evolve the human race.
So we are in a time where
we're starting to merge
all these things together.
There is more alien sightings.
There is more UFO sightings.
There's stuff that's
being revealed.
People are getting more
and more information.
And the demigods
are coming back.
Well, they really never
left, but people are
starting to become aware more.
And humans are evolving.
But we're at a critical point
because in this fifth dimension
that we're in, this
higher frequency,
we are not going to move
forward unless we energetically
change our vibration.
That's what that's all about.
Remember I said 20
million years ago?
That's when humans
came to Earth?
We were still in the
fourth dimension.
We didn't leave the
fourth dimension
until the end of
the Mayan calendar.
Which was what?
Six years ago?
How many years?
2012.
>> Eight.
I'm behind.
So this is the end.
I mean, that's why the
Mayan calendar ended.
It's because we were
leaving a dimension
that we had been in since
we know our time on Earth,
the whole time.
So this is completely new to us.
I mean, we're all trying
to figure out, OK, am I--
how do I do this?
How many of you have
experienced time and space
being a little
bit weird for you?
How many of you experienced--
especially eight years
ago, even five years ago,
weird body pain?
Like unexplainable body pain?
Neck pain, a lot of spine
stuff, tailbone, this
is all this frequency change.
This has a lot to do with
all the frequencies that
are shifting and increasing.
And every day, it gets
more and more intense.
Every day it
increases, because--
OK, if this is the
fifth dimension,
and we just entered here,
look at how far we have to go.
We're like barely in it.
So by the time we
get to here, it's
going to be a pretty
high vibration.
We can do it.
We can get Nike's and do it.
[CHUCKLES]
We can do it.
But, we have to remember
that it is the work that you
do on the inner that helps
you to raise your frequency.
It's not anything.
Yes, we can take yoga,
and we can exercise.
We can watch our favorite movie.
We can laugh a lot.
We can tell each other jokes.
It's all good.
It raises our energy.
But the real work to doing
that is on the inner.
So I want to talk to you and
take you through my grounding
meditation, and I
want to I'm going
to do a clearing on everybody.
And I want you guys to--
I'm going to explain that
the grounding first, OK?
So does everybody
know your chakras?
Yeah.
First chakra, is where we sit.
Second chakra.
Third chakra.
Fourth, heart.
Fifth, throat.
Sixth, third eye.
Seventh, top of the head.
We're going to start
at the first chakra.
And you all know
what it's like--
well, men, of course
not, but a skirt,
when you pull a skirt
on, we're going to it's
imagine this cone of energy
like it's a skirt really low
on your hips.
And it flares out,
the cone goes down
to the center of the Earth.
So it's kind of like a skirt
almost right around your hips.
Then, there's a second
cone right the belly
at the second chakra.
It will go over that one,
and going up the third here.
When we get to the
fourth, they go inside.
OK, I'm just letting you know.
I'm going to talk
you through it.
The cones can be any color.
They can be clear.
Most importantly, we
want that cone of energy
to go deep into the earth.
Why?
Because your energy is meant
to be connected to her energy.
We have this habit of letting
our energy leap out of our body
and connect with like energy.
So if Kelly's angry, and I
kind of dial into it, and I go,
yeah, I'm angry too.
Then, our anger, it's like
this fusion thing going on.
[IMITATES ENERGY RUMBLING]
You know what
we're really doing?
We're creating more karma.
That's the karmic
hookup right there,
because karma is unresolved
emotional wounds.
So I'm dialing into her anger.
She's dialing into my anger.
And our energy is totally
going back and forth,
and there goes the karma wheel.
It just starts spinning.
So we have to learn
to ground that stuff.
Yes, we have to
feel our feelings.
Yes, we have to process
and release those feelings.
But we really need to ground
that energy, those feelings,
into the earth.
Because she can take it.
She's expecting that from you.
But she also really wants
you to receive her energy
into your body.
And remember, we have an
electromagnetic field.
So, of course, she wants
you to receive her energy.
So we're going to
close our eyes.
We're going to go
into meditation,
and I will clear everyone
while we're in meditation.
And then, we're going to do a
little bit of a process, OK?
So get comfortable.
Take a couple of deep breaths.
I want you to feel where
you're sitting on the chair.
And from that place in your
first chakra, low on your hips,
create a cone of energy
that goes all the way down,
deeper and deeper,
further and further,
all the way down to the
center of the Earth,
and ground it with
a very large base.
Go into your second chakra.
Create a second cone of energy
that goes over the first cone,
all the way down, deeper and
deeper, further and further,
all the way down to the
center of the Earth,
and ground it with
a very large base.
Go into your third
chakra, your solar plexus.
Let it be like a
clear, calm lake,
and create a third
cone of energy that
goes over the first two cones
all the way down, deeper
and deeper, further and
further, all the way down
to the center of the
Earth, and ground it
with a very large base.
And feel how that feels
with those first three
chakras really grounded.
Feel the stability in your
body and your energy field.
Go into your heart.
Let your heart be like
a three dimensional sun
with rays of love shining
out towards others,
and rays of love shining
in towards yourself.
Create a fourth
cone of energy that
goes inside the
first three cones
all the way down, deeper and
deeper, further and further,
all the way down to the
center of the Earth,
and ground it with
a very large base.
Go into your fifth
chakra, your throat.
Let it be soft and supple, and
create a fifth cone of energy
that goes inside the heart cone
all the way down to the center
of the Earth, and ground
it with a very large base.
Go into your sixth
chakra, your third eye.
Imagine that you're looking
at a blank movie screen.
Let your mind be quiet.
And create a sixth
cone of energy
that goes inside the fifth cone
all the way down to the center
of the Earth, and ground
it with a very large base.
Go into your seventh chakra.
From the top of your head,
create a seventh cone of energy
that goes inside the sixth
cone all the way down, deeper
and deeper, further and
further, all the way down
to the center of the
Earth, and ground it
with a very large base.
We're now connecting with our
higher selves, and with God,
and the goddess.
And we're asking
for the violet flame
to transmute any negative
energy, any negative thought
forms from your bodies, your
auric fields, and this room up
into light and love.
And just feel the
energy come in.
We're asking for the
white light to descend,
and, again, saturate every
cell and every molecule
in your body, your auric
field, and in this room.
The golden light of
divine love, just
feel that energy coming in.
And the blue light
of protection,
feel that coming in.
Before we do a
protection exercise,
I'm going to clear everyone,
so stay in your meditation.
You can drop deep
into your belly,
into the Hara, which is an
egg shape right next to-- kind
of above the second chakra along
the vertical power current.
Just an egg shape in there.
Let your consciousness,
let all parts of you
drop into that space.
It's very quiet.
It's very, very expansive.
It is your doorway
to the infinite.
[DEEP BREATHING]
Dropping down into your
first chakra, I want you--
I want you to go into
your first chakra,
and I want you to listen
for what the message is.
Usually, this is not like a,
oh, I'm so cool kind of message.
This is a core wound.
This is a-- each chakra
holds a core statement,
and I want you to find
what that core statement is
for you in your first chakra.
It might be something
like, I'm always alone,
or I'm not worthy.
It can be a lot of things.
Let it come to you what that is,
and feel that message in there.
Note what it is.
[DEEP BREATHING]
If you have found
that message, just
raise your hands so I can
see where you guys are.
OK.
I want you to experience
that message, whatever it is,
as an object.
See what it is as an object
in that first chakra.
Maybe it's a rock.
Maybe it's a piece of wood.
It's something
there symbolically
representing that message.
And I want you to
imagine yourself
sitting in front of you, like
you're looking in a mirror.
And I want you to reach into
your body in that first chakra
and wrap your hands around that
object, that core statement.
And I want you to
fill it up with love.
And while you're sitting
there in front of you,
I want you to look yourself in
the eyes and say, I love you.
I forgive you.
Please, forgive me.
And now, I want you to find a
statement that really resonates
with you, that you are going
to put into that first chakra.
Maybe it's, I am worthy of love.
Maybe it's, I deserve
to manifest what I need.
Whatever that statement is
that really feels good to you,
I want you to put that
statement in there.
Replace what you just dissolved.
Good.
And when you're
ready, open your eyes.
Good.
When I teach
meditation retreats,
we have four days where
we sit in meditation,
and we do a lot of processing.
And this exercise
I'm doing with you,
is much longer
and more involved,
but I wanted you to have
the experience of finding
what is that core
statement you're
holding in that first chakra.
The first chakra
is all about food,
and clothing, and
survival issues, right?
I got a car.
I don't have a car.
I got a house.
I don't have a house.
It's like-- it's all
about our survival.
So if you have a statement in
there that is, I am not worthy,
I don't deserve
that, then guess what
is going out into the universe
from your first chakra.
No, I'm not worthy of that.
So this is how we
change that message.
But it is super important
that you get in there
and you dissolve that message,
that first message you got.
And most importantly,
that you forgive yourself.
I love you.
I forgive you.
Please, forgive me.
I mean, that's like every day,
in the mirror, close your eyes,
see yourself.
That's every day.
And that forgiveness
exercise, in my opinion,
should be done with everybody.
And start with all
your enemies first.
Start with the people
you don't like.
Start with the people that you
have a really hard time with.
That's fun.
Because you have to look that
person in the eyes and say,
I love you.
I forgive you.
Please, forgive me.
And feel it in your soul body.
Feel it.
Don't do it as a mental thing.
We say, oh, I forgive
you all the time.
Oh, I forgave him.
And it's really from
here, and that's not
where that should come from.
It needs to come from here.
Forgiveness is super powerful.
In 39 years of doing
work with people day in
and day out, millions of
people over the phone,
I can tell you that the
one thing I experience
the most from the
spirit world is
people coming through
and saying, please, can
you tell Jimmy I'm sorry.
Please, can you ask
mom to forgive me.
Tell her I forgive her.
That's the whole
thing over there.
That's what they want.
They want to know
that they're forgiven.
It's like it frees them.
But we're supposed to
actually do all that here.
We're supposed to
do that work here.
Meanwhile, we're
totally distracted.
[LAUGHS]
It's like, oh, I'm on my phone.
Oh, the aliens just came.
I have to go to the store,
got to pick up the kids.
We're like super,
super crazy busy,
and we don't think about
forgiving each other really
enough, in my opinion.
Because we're so in the phone.
We're so-- seriously, we have
this relationship and yet--
all of your screen savers
should say, I forgive you.
That will be a great reminder.
And I'm not trying to say that
you guys don't practice that.
I would like to see
that more in the world.
And I would like
to see all of us
sort of helping people
get there, because we
need it really bad right now.
As far as protecting
yourselves, because we
talked about some gnarly
things with aliens,
and I have a great
story for you.
I had a client back in Ohio.
He's like this 250 pound guy,
and he puts in pools and spas,
and he's a big guy.
And he had an
implant in his arm.
And I said, OK--
I was I was living in
Oregon at the time.
I said, OK, well,
let me take it out.
So doing my work that
I do long distance,
because I'm an energy
surgeon, right?
I go in and repair tissue,
and work on hearts,
and do triple
bypasses, and I go in
and do all this work on people.
I take out implants.
So I reached into his arm.
I start to take the implant
out, he started screaming.
I'm like, why are you screaming?
Because it really hurts.
I'm like, oh, my God.
So I took it out,
and he was fine.
He stopped screaming.
That night I went to the store,
and I had to go get groceries.
And I came home.
It was pseudo dark.
It was like right at dusk.
And I was getting
out of the car,
opening up the back of the
car to get the groceries,
and I could hear them.
And the aliens,
telepathically, said to me,
you have no right to
take that out of him.
And I turned around
and I looked up,
and I could see the
outline of a ship,
and I could see a light
on the ship that was
like frantically moving around.
And I was like,
oh, there they are.
So I looked right up
at them and I said,
you had no right
to put that in him.
You had no right at all.
So you need to take your
business somewhere else.
And I said, some other colorful
phrases I won't repeat.
And literally, the
ship went straight up.
And this happens to me all the
time, because I work on people
and remove implants,
take stuff out.
I have a couple of brothers that
constantly are getting implants
from Greys because they
were abducted, both of them,
as children.
And I will wake up in
the middle of the night,
and they're standing
there, because they're not
happy with me.
So I protect myself,
and this is what
I wanted to share with you if
you happen to be in a situation
where you need to be protected.
Again, we don't have
to live in fear.
We just simply
have to understand
that we need to be
protected from this stuff.
So ask for the blue
light of protection.
Surround your body.
Ask Creator, send the blue
light of protection down.
Especially, if you
do the meditation,
great time to do it.
Then, ask for the silver
light to go around that.
And, then, ask for the gold
OK, so you're walking
around in this cool bubble
of blue, silver, and gold.
You're surrounding your house
in blue, silver, and gold.
And this has been one
of the best protections
that I've found that we can use.
When I do this with
my home, and God
knows I have a lot of them
watching me and trying
to harass me, I do this
protection around my home.
And, so far, knock
on plastic, it works.
All right, so that's
your protection
with all this alien talk.
There are good aliens.
I have met one set of aliens
that were quite lovely.
They were very
small, like children.
They're about this high.
And I was teaching a
meditation retreat in Oregon.
I think I was on day three.
And when I do these retreats, I
take everybody into ceremonies,
so it's super intense.
Everybody's energy, kind of
consciousness, gets altered.
Naturally, no drugs, no
alcohol, we just get altered.
And I was tired.
I told my husband I need
to lie down and just kind
of rest for a little bit.
We had this travel trailer.
So I'm laying down.
I am not asleep, but
I'm kind of relaxed.
And all of a sudden, I
felt my body just go--
[IMITATES WHOOSHING]
And I felt myself
literally going
through the wall of the trailer.
It was weird.
And when I came down onto
my feet, I was on a metal--
like a metal ramp.
No ability to stop this.
I mean, literally I'm going.
And they walked me up.
I heard the ramp lift.
Sat me in a seat, strapped
me in, little guys.
And I'm like, I am
teaching a retreat.
I need to be somewhere.
What are you doing?
I was totally freaked out.
And they said this will
only take a moment.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
And the ship went up.
I'm looking out the window
going, I'm off the Earth.
And we went around the
back side of the moon.
And I looked out the
window and there it was.
It was all lit up, a
giant space station,
and I had that aha
moment of, oh my God,
there is a space station on
the backside of the moon.
Of course, there is.
And I looked at them and
I said, who are you guys?
They said, we wanted
you to see that.
And I said, well, thank you.
And I said, who are you?
And they said, you
can call us Newton.
I said, like the
cookie, like Newton.
What do you mean?
I know.
And they said-- they said the
last time we came to Earth we
imparted knowledge
to Sir Isaac Newton,
and we've come back
now to give knowledge
to another scientist on Earth.
And I said, hallelujah,
because we need it.
I'm really glad.
They had no interest in
interfering with humans.
bothering us in any way.
They were quite lovely.
And within a matter of--
[WHISTLES] --that
fast, we were back.
Boom, I was back lying
down, and they were gone.
That is my pleasant
experience to share with you.
I think that the more that
we ground in that grounding
meditation that we just
did, the more that you
ground your energy and really
connect it with the Earth
energy, the better you're
going to be in this transition
that we're going through, and
with all the energy that's
coming in.
So just for fun, I want
to do one thing with you
that is kind of an Earth,
hello, Earth to person.
So if you close your eyes--
[COUGHS]
Excuse me.
And feel that
first chakra again,
and feel that cone of energy
going down into the Earth
from your first chakra.
Don't send the chakra anywhere.
Don't you know-- keep your
chakras where they are.
Send the cone of energy down
to the center of the Earth.
And then, I want you
to ask for Earth energy
to rise up the cone.
And then, feel that Earth
energy spinning around
inside the chakra,
picking up anything
that doesn't need to be there.
And then, release it
back down to the earth.
And if you have pain in a
particular part of your body,
let's go into the second chakra.
We'll do it there.
You have stomach problems, feel
that second cone going down
over the first cone.
Make sure it's really grounded
into the center of the Earth.
And then, feel Earth
energy coming up the cone,
and feel it swirling around in
that second chakra picking up
anything that doesn't need
to be there, and release it
back down into the Earth.
This is something that you can
do through all of your chakras.
You can clean everything
out and release it back down
into the ground.
OK, coming back up to your eyes.
So going back to
this relationship
that we have with demigods,
with aliens, and with ourselves.
A lot of people think
that we're ascending,
we're moving into something
that is quite spectacular.
I think we are moving into
something spectacular.
But I'm the kind
of person that if I
know I'm moving into something,
I'm going to have a flashlight.
I'm going to have a tent.
I'm going to be ready.
And that's that inside work.
That's knowing who
you are on the inside.
Your soul body, which
is inhabiting your body,
that's you.
Your soul body is you.
And your soul body
is the only one
who should inhabit
your physical form.
That's your body.
And that's that free will
card I talked about, one
of the "Monopoly" game cards.
You have free will.
You can say no.
People call me all the time,
I've got something in my house.
I know it's alien.
It's trying to get me,
whatever, whatever.
Boy, stand up.
Turn the lights on.
Stomp your foot and say, no.
You have no right.
This is my body.
Because it's true.
That is the gift to being human.
We have free will.
So be firm.
We tend to be--
we have such a pattern
through history
of being either the
victim or the perpetrator.
We call them bullies now.
We have this pattern of that,
so it's really easy for us
to kind of slide
into, oh, I'm scared.
I don't know what to do.
It's like, oh, my God,
go take a karate class
and get in your body.
Get mad.
Say no, because it'll help.
It'll help.
I knew a woman
once who was being
followed by a guy in Seattle.
It was nighttime, and she knew
she was going to get mugged.
I mean, it was like
totally that vibe.
He was behind her.
And he's following
her, and she's
trying to figure out what to do.
She keeps moving and changing,
going down the street,
and he's like staying
right with her.
And finally, she jumped
and turned around
and took this stance.
She goes, you better look out.
I know aerobics.
>> I know aerobics.
>> And the guy just
busted out laughing,
and just shook his
head and walked away.
But that's the
thing with aliens.
You better look out, I
know aerobics, right?
So there are times,
you guys, when
we have these experiences
where we see ships,
or we have some kind
of dream, something
comes into your dream, all
that stuff is really important.
But you having clear
boundaries, whether you're
dealing with people, or you're
dealing with the unseen world,
is very important.
And a lot of us don't grow
up with clear boundaries.
A lot of us come from
dysfunctional families.
Yes, we all have
emotional wounds.
Yes, we're dealing with those
emotional wounds all the time.
Because we go into
transference with each other,
we project them on to each
other, and most of the time,
it's very difficult
to be present,
because we get triggered.
Somebody says something
and you're like--
[GRUMBLES]
Why did they say that?
Why are they talking about me?
They weren't even talking about
you, but you got triggered.
So, again, it is about us taking
charge, grounding our energy,
making that your first priority.
Emotional stuff comes up.
OK, I feel triggered.
I'm going to feel the feelings.
I'm going to recognize
that I'm triggered.
And I'm going to release
that down into the Earth,
down whatever chakra or gut
activated, the third chakra,
wherever it is.
I'm going to ask for the
blue light of protection
to surround me, and the silver
light, and the gold light,
and I'm going to walk around
in this fantastic blue bubble.
OK, you tracking with me?
Yeah, OK.
Now, not to contradict what
I'm saying, but I think it's
always fun to throw the
other card up in the air.
One of the hardest things
for us to do on planet Earth
is to say, I surrender.
Because we all really
want to be in control.
We want to control what happens.
We want to control
how it happens.
We want to control who
comes into our house.
We want to control
who drives our car.
We want to control who's
talking to our kids.
Whatever.
It's like we want
to be in control.
And, unfortunately, we're living
in a very, very addicted world,
addicted society.
We're addicted to everything,
food, shopping, phones,
alcohol, drugs.
You name it, people
are addicted.
So out of that
addiction, what happens?
We end up wanting to control
everything, because we
feel a little out of control.
And one of the best
things we can do
is take whatever that is you're
worried about, whatever you're
trying to figure out, and
start a process of trusting
that Creator and the Earth
are much better producers,
choreographers, and
directors than any of us
ever thought of being.
And you have to give it up.
You have to turn it over.
You have to say, OK, enough.
I have worried myself
sick over this.
Here.
You take it.
Figure it out.
Give me a call when you got it.
Right?
Because, you guys, we
are not in control.
Oh my God, we so think we're
in control and we're not.
And it's OK.
It's OK.
But that level of trust that
you hear coming out of me
is years of doing inner work.
Years of talking
to my inner child,
and holding her, and
telling her, she's OK.
She doesn't have to be
afraid because I'm the adult,
and I'm going to
take care of her.
I'm handing it back to you.
It's like, it
really is up to us.
We have to parent
the inner child.
We have to take
care of ourselves
and have clear boundaries.
And we have to
protect ourselves,
because, yeah, there's people
around us that will protect us,
but sometimes
they're not around,
and we have to protect
ourselves, right?
OK, so I surrender.
Woo-hoo.
It's very freeing.
When you really let yourself
get into that and say,
I surrender, and you just let
all that stuff go, man, you'll
feel really good.
It's very freeing.
OK, I am really, really
grateful that you guys
chose to come here instead
of being at the Oscars.
[LAUGHTER]
Thank you so much, and thank
you for going into meditation
with me, and doing a
little bit of work.
I really appreciate
all that you did.
And thank you guys.
You were wonderful.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]